[Music]
yes
very good biker and we say lovers of the
heart how are you there well I hope you
're having a spectacular day the
truth is that I'm delighted to bring you
today a video from the newspaper archive that
this user of the blue tide
Anna shares with me butterfly is a butterfly that flies
through the blue tide so Anna thank you very much
for the video notice that the
newspaper archive is not a brutal document
because we're going to see one more contradiction
in which Rocío Carrasco
contradicts herself again for things that she has
been saying in recent months no
this document belongs to the raffle it's
spectacular because on top of that Rocío
Carrasco is still there the two are the
interviewees and next to her is none
other than Carmen Ordóñez brutal okay
but before reacting to the video I'm going
to ask you please to subscribe it's
absolutely free you already know you can you
can like the video
sorry yes if you like the video and of
course comment your opinion
always with respect to all the
people who appear in the videos okay
please so nothing let's go to  mess
look I'm going to tell you the truth he has
had to endure that the
majority of the press in this country will
judge him before a trial came out and they
labeled him a thief
before a trial came out
this is already brutal don't be here
this is complaining about the issue of the
Cantona fine it seems to me that he had
kept money and he had a trial because it
seems that he had kept money from
a fine he was a civil guard for
someone and someone accused him of
keeping the money from the fines that he
collected the fines from foreigners and
kept the money no then here he
is complaining about having a
media trial without even
having a sentence
completely agree with you Rosito
has the pleasure of savoring being
paid to come here and sit down
but if you are complaining it's that let's see of
course surely localities what will
respond to this click of newspaper archives in
how it can't be any other way is that
here as she was an abused woman okay
here she was alienated she was a
completely alienated woman not like now that she
is empowered  these for those
little words of language inclusive and
ally and all this paraphernalia no
but notice the detail of how she
rolls up her sleeves guarantors how they roll up their sleeves or
when she already wants to impose her truth
not when she wants to impose that what she is
saying about herself is true do not pay attention pay
attention to what she is going to say about the
trial because here it is assumed that she is
being sincere in the documentary we have
found many occasions in which she has
not been sincere and this is
completely objective I mean in the
documentary we have caught lies where
she knows that she is lying also no well here it is
assumed that she is being sincere and she is
going to tell us some things that are supposed to
happen in that trial okay that
was the bad press and that has the
thorn because it turns out that when
her trial is held the entire room is
full of press and the only thing they
wrote they did not write that four
prosecution witnesses were in her
favor in will measure against her that
the prosecution witnesses are known because two
were discredited for being liars they did
not put it either they only put
in quotes that rociíto was eating
gum
so there were witnesses that  they denied the
version no that the
prosecution witnesses were in favor of Antonio
David in that trial and that the objective
that they were against Antonio David because they
were discredited because their version did
not fit and was not incredible
and this clip why have you not put it
in the documentary because no because they do not
say the same thing today
well you leave me speechless once again what a
shame we did not realize this
click the day that the subject of the
documentary was touched on the first one no but it is that there
are so many so many so many things no no that is
why
when he left me with me he had six
cars at the door of his house already but I do
not understand he will not
have it that is nothing in this country
family what do you think about this wonder
that we just heard you will be
reading the comments box
please do not forget to like the video if
you liked it and we will see you in the
next one
[Music]